It hurts, my stomach hurts
It hurts so much!
Who am I?
Wait a minute.
Dr. Shen
One day, don't worry about your injury, let me come and have a look.
Then please Dr. Shen, it's alright
Hey, thank you for your quick reaction this time to save the head.
If he gets hurt, but he doesn't want to think about it
After you?
If you have anything, just contact me directly
Or maybe Xinping.
Xinping
It's the bodyguard in Peiping.
You've seen him. He's my son
Ouch.
Dr. Shen, how did you arrive so quickly?
We serve Beiping
We follow him wherever he goes
So you have been following Mr. Zhan all the time, right?
Yeah.
You came in.
Uh, yeah.
Oops, it's more than ten days early this time.
The wound of love is not serious
Bad color
It may be because of an uncomfortable menstrual period.
When is my assistant's period?
I'm late again
I don't know who saw this just now.
pale
Let the heart bottle stand guard
Another phone call to call me from Xiangjiang
It's going to be tough
Tonight is on you.
Don't worry.
I'll be here tonight
Hey, stop, it's confirmed.
Now the police level is not allowed